TINY-9108: Fix double bottom border on inline mode editor in `tinymce-5` skin (#8116)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Fix double bottom border on inline mode editor in `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108

Reviewer: Maybe not sure. Since the group is Fixed and I think other changelog items are worded like this instead.

```suggestion
- Double bottom border on inline mode editor in `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108
```

### Fixed
- Line separator scrolling in floating toolbars. #TINY-8948

> - Double bottom border on inline mode editor in `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A double bottom border appeared on inline mode editor for the `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108
```
